5.4.0: Markdown Remote Images (#11021)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/images.mdx

## Images in Markdown files

> Use standard Markdown `![alt](src)` syntax in your `.md` files. This syntax works with Astro's [Image Service API](/en/reference/image-service-reference/) to optimize your local images stored in `src/`. Images stored in the `public/` folder are not optimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use standard Markdown `![alt](src)` syntax in your `.md` files. This syntax works with Astro's [Image Service API](/en/reference/image-service-reference/) to optimize your local images stored in `src/` and remote images. Images stored in the `public/` folder are never optimized.
```
Feels like we should still mention remote images here so all the types are covered, just that now they are also optimized!

![Astro](https://example.com/images/remote-image.png)
```

> The HTML <img> tag can also be used to display images stored in `public/` or remote images without any image optimization or processing. However, `<img>` is not supported for your local images in `src`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML `<img>` tag can also be used to display images stored in `public/` or remote images without any image optimization or processing. However, `<img>` is not supported for your local images in `src`.
```

> The `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components are unavailable in .md files. If you require more control over your image attributes, we recommend using [Astro's MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to add support for`.mdx` file format. MDX allows additional [image options available in MDX](#images-in-mdx-files), including combining components with Markdown syntax.

Reviewer 2: Noticing a missing code inline block and a missing whitespace
```suggestion
The `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components are unavailable in `.md` files. If you require more control over your image attributes, we recommend using [Astro's MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to add support for `.mdx` file format. MDX allows additional [image options available in MDX](#images-in-mdx-files), including combining components with Markdown syntax.
```

> If you require more control over your image attributes, we recommend using [Astro's MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to add support for`.mdx` file format. MDX allows adding components to Markdown and there are additional [image options available in MDX](#images-in-mdx-files).
> 
> ### Remote Images in Markdown Files
> 
> <p><Since v="5.4.0" /></p>
> 
> Before 5.4.0, remote images were never optimized. After Astro 5.4.0, remote images included with this syntax are optimized according to your configuration. To opt out of optimization for remote images, use the `<img>` tag.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML <img> tag can also be used to display images stored in `public/` or remote images without any image optimization or processing. However, `<img>` is not supported for your local images in `src`.

The `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components are unavailable in .md files. If you require more control over your image attributes, we recommend using [Astro's MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to add support for`.mdx` file format. MDX allows additional [image options available in MDX](#images-in-mdx-files), including combining components with Markdown syntax.

```

Thanks for the great heading and use of `<Since />`! But, this isn't really something that needs its own section. I think it's sufficient to just include remote images above the code sample, so I'd remove all this.

I would however get that bit about not being able to optimizate using the `<img>` tag in a slightly different way. I think the above would work directly after the code sample. What do you think?

(This would entirely replace the line "The `<img>` tag is not supported for local images, and the `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components are unavailable in `.md` files." which I can't suggest in the GitHub interface. I think what I wrote above would work for all the text needed after the code examples.)
